alright so a lot of people have been
asking me about Aaron and the king of
skate contest the finals what happened
he's here right now so I'll ask him a
couple questions about how it all went
down so first of all iron like just tell
me like how did you hear about the the
king of skate like how did you get
involved with it another trans old
website I was on one day and I saw it on
the news antennas coming up harder than
they did you disappear you did it yeah
what was the easiest trick for you to
complete the double kick over the first
trick in the whole thing that was the
easiest one yeah that's bigger all right
what was the hardest trick to get the
one that took me longest was frontside
360 he'll flip frontside 360 he'll flip
yeah how many how like how many tries
you think over 305 that's crazy so out
of all those tricks like you got the 20
tricks without getting a letter which or
any of those tricks do you have like on
lock now you that you didn't think you
would ever have unlock the pop shove it
under very alert so you pretty much got
that every time yeah it seems really
hard but then once I tried it easy now
are there any tricks that you're like
just over and you'll never ever do again
just like hated doing them yeah
frontside 360 he'll flip this switch
triple he'll flip and the fakie bigspin
triple kick flip
never again yeah I don't you want to try
it anymore one of my favorite tricks to
like watch throughout the whole thing
was the monster flip
what do you think of that that was
ridiculous i only started like a long
time ago like a trick that i know would
ever do that i saw that was so crazy did
you even try it yeah I tried is
ridiculous like not even close like
pretty good kind of getting this spin of
like whatever but it seems like you need
like a mini board to do it so tell me
about the finals so i woke up at like
seven started at eight it was raining
out we went up to the pavilion and i was
i got dropped off there with my computer
in my camera and my camera sitting down
and the wind was like blowing it like
turning and everything there's a whole
bunch of little rocks like everywhere
under the pavilion so i tried the first
trick and then i upload it and it
stopped at thirty-eight percent like
because there's like Wi-Fi there and
stopped at thirty percent then when
going back to the house then that round
is over and then like the ground was
still like it stopped raining but the
ground and everything is still wet and
also is so hard to do like ever like
tricks afterwards so you actually found
like a pavilion and you figured out like
if they had Wi-Fi there i think your dad
said like you went there to check it out
and see if you could upload videos from
that spot is that right yeah we went
there like two days before and
everything worked out and stuff i guess
because the day we like i went there to
do the trick because of the rain
everything it's just like just like
wasn't enough to upload a video so on
the day of the finals did you to do like
how many of those tricks did you land
that you got letters for that you
couldn't upload um about three or four
three or four yeah which ones the first
one was a nollie like hard flip review
vert
and there's a trick called something
strange like it was weird i don't even
like know how to explain it that was one
of the tricks and they got that one yeah
and i shoot the other was to wear but
that's all good so the guy that wanted i
don't know i think it like took like two
days to complete any of those tricks
that he did you think he could have done
you know i was actually mad because the
trick i got out on like the few tricks
after that i could do like not like they
weren't too hard for me it's crazy yeah
so what do you think you'd do it again
next year yeah of course thanks a lot
man y'all go